Title: Services for Outstanding Customer Experience | wob

What we do for you.
In our view, marketing is a strategic lever to significantly enhance your business success.
Through our services designed for efficient, effective, and personalized customer engagement across the customer journey, we create impactful B2B marketing and experiences that drive results.
We develop distinctive stories that evoke emotions and inspire action. Our creative approaches are aimed at creating emotional and surprising brand experiences, including in the B2B environment.
We maximize the value of existing systems and create effective connections between different systems. Our expertise includes Content Management Systems (CMS & PIM), Digital Experience Platforms (DXP), virtual events, marketing automation, email marketing, and generative AI.
We generate, structure, analyze, and visualize communication-relevant data to derive strategic insights and long-term concepts. Our methods include data strategies (First Party Data, Cookieless Tracking), predictive analytics, and multi-channel reporting.
We provide a strategic blueprint to navigate the increasing complexity and the growing number of touchpoints. Our consultancy includes:
We develop digital platforms that serve as central touchpoints between brands and their target audiences, taking on various functions as needed: from story and content hubs for brands to traffic and lead generation engines, as well as career portals. Our services in this area include:
We effectively reach target audiences through tailored campaigns and always-on programs that align with your business objectives. Our services in this area include:
Our creative concepts are designed to differentiate and powerfully position brands. We create playbooks that include ideas, visualisations, and key messages, which can be used for both digital platforms and stand-alone campaigns. To bring these concepts to life, we develop assets ranging from SEO content to motion graphics, as well as trade show materials and VR experiences.
Let's find solutions together that will sustainably boost your success.
Contact us now!

                                    Dennis Güth
                                
Executive Account Director / New Business
