Title: wob agency| Inpiring People. Driving Business.

Who we are.
In a marketing landscape defined by complexity, we bring clarity.
A deep-seated understanding of intricate products and complex market structures is ingrained in our DNA.
Strategy, technology, and creativity are our tools to design innovative concepts that propel your business forward.
Our focus is on people: We create communication that touches and inspires, aiming to build long-lasting relationships and strengthen customer loyalty.
In a world where marketing and sales are inseparable, we act as a strategic partner to help achieve sales and business objectives.
We believe in the power of exceptional digital experiences that empower B2B brands throughout every interaction along the customer journey.
By combining data, technology, and creative storytelling, we create platforms and campaigns that capture attention and have a lasting impact.
For over 50 years, we have been dedicated to guiding businesses in B2B markets with complex products and services to success.
Our expertise is "digital first" and radically human-centered, built on nearly 30 years of experience in digitally transforming our clients, their markets, and the people behind them.
We see marketing as a crucial factor for business success. With a Full-Thinking approach, we comprehensively and strategically address challenges, generating valuable insights and enduring advantages that extend beyond the project at hand.
Our pragmatic "hands-on mindset" allows us to quickly and effectively address your needs and explore new paths together.
You wish to move your communications smoothly outside of the box and into the world? With our global agency network BBN The world's B2B Agency, you can do that. Over 1,100 experts in 32 countries, a common methodology and local market knowledge ensure the best quality and accurate execution.
wob is owner-managed and led by an interdisciplinary leadership team.

                                    Jens Merkel
                                
Co-Chief Executive Officer

                                    Matthias Specht
                                
Co-Chief Executive Officer

                                    Marco Luciano
                                
Chief Operating Officer

                                    Roland  Rudolf
                                
Chief Creative Officer

                                    Christian Kierdorf
                                
Executive Director Marketing Technology

                                    Daniela Gutsche-Wagner
                                
Director Finance

                                    Dennis Güth
                                
Executive Account Director / New Business

                                    Silke  Döpgen
                                
Director Process Management

                                    Sylvia Piske
                                
Director Human Resources

                                     Thorsten  Petersen
                                
Director Digital Advertising
